>> Speaker 1: So
leading this entire discussion,
we've been saying that we
want to know our types.
We want to use a coding style that
makes our types more obvious.
And up to this point I've been using only
what we know about JavaScript to do that.
I've been suggesting that we can restrict
the kinds of values that can come in for
type comparisons, for example.
And I think that is a valid and
worthwhile approach that will
improve the quality of your code.
Regardless of whether you like or
dislike the current trend towards these
typing systems like TypeScript and Flow.
And I'm gonna say in a broader category,
type-aware linting.
As we said earlier, linting is essentially
a tool that applies an opinion about
your code and gives you that opinion so
that you can decide, you know what?
I agree I shouldn't do that.
My linter catches all kinds of
things that I don't wanna do, and
I'm glad my linter catches it.
I'm very much pro the idea of linting.
As I said,
I'm only pro linting that is configurable,
however, because there is
not a one size fits all.
Now, I'm not in the situation like many
of you are, where you're on a team.
But even with respect to
making that decision,
you should still be able to have
the team decide democratically.
Rather than the team only be able to pick
what every other team in
the entire world has done.
It's still better that the team could
decide what works for them, and
that the individual members of the team
get to have a say-so in what that is.
We call that style guidance.
That's an old school term.
Your team needs a style guide, and
everybody should have
a vote in the style guide.
I don't like it when I go and
work with a team, and there's some
benevolent dictator on the team that has
made all the decisions for everybody.
And people come up to me
during the breaks and
they're like I'm scared to try this
cuz he's gonna reject my pull request.
That's not a healthy culture.
Everybody should get a say-so in
what works for your team, not me.
You and
your team members should get to say.
>> Speaker 1: So broadly speaking,
I get a lot of times this question of
what do you think about TypeScript??
Well, what I think about TypeScript and
what I think about Flow are similar,
which is I'm glad that they exist
even though I don't use them.
I don't use TypeScript and I don't
use Flow, and I used to tell people
the reason I don't do that is because
they solve problems that I don't have.
I have a different
perspective on that now,
a perspective that has evolved recently.
It is not the case that I don't
use them because I don't have
the same problems that they solve,
that's not the appropriate way to say it.
I don't use those tools or
don't prefer those tools,
because they're fixing the problems in
a way that I think makes my code worse.
Problems exist, as I have said over and
over again in this unit of our discussion,
it is a problem if you are coding and
not knowing anything about your types.
That is a problem and
we should solve that problem.
It's just that I have a different
opinion on how to solve it, you with me?
So before I talk to you about a solution,
let's look at what TypeScript and
Flow can do for us.
What are their benefits, broadly speaking?
I understand that this is a very
sort of reduced argument,
there is a much more complex and
vivid ecosystem.
And I don't mean in any way to talk down
about these, there's a whole course on
Frontend Masters, or maybe even
more than one, about TypeScript.
These are great tools with fantastic,
intelligent people behind them.
But just sort of broadly speaking,
where do they fit within the ecosystem?
What are they gonna do for us?
Well, number one,
they're gonna catch type-related mistakes,
that's a good thing.
We need help catching our
type-related mistakes.
I would like to have a tool that
understood what I wanna do with types, and
helped me figure out when I
didn't do that correctly.
That would make me a better coder.
Number two, they do communicate type
intent, because the typing is in the code.
Course they have modes where
they are doing only inference.
But essentially,
the big selling point of TypeScript and
Flow is that you can layer these type
annotations directly on top of the code.
And in some respects, one of the biggest
reasons why you do that is because
it's gonna make your code more obvious.
Well, I can clearly see that
that thing is an integer,
or that thing is a string, right?
That's good.
Number three, and
I think this is often overlooked, but
maybe one of the biggest things.
Is that by doing so,
by choosing to opt into that system,
you get an amazing amount
of feedback through the tooling ecosystem
that can show up live directly in your ID.
It's awesome,
I've seen some of the auto completing and
on the fly inferences and type analysis
that something like TypeScript does.
TypeScript does it a lot better
than Flow at this point, but
I'm sure Flow will catch up, right?
I think IDE integration with TypeScript
is better than any project that I've ever
seen integrated in an IDE, it's fantastic.
I happened to not use IDEs.
So I happened to not benefit
from any of that, but
that doesn't mean I don't respect it,
I think it's fantastic.
>> Speaker 1: There are some
caveats to these tools.
Number one, the inferencing
that you rely upon, which you
rely upon inferencing whenever you have
a place where you're not gonna annotate.
[LAUGH] The inferencing that you
rely on really is just a best guess.
It's not rock solid.
We're guessing something as
much as we can at compile time.
We don't really know what's
actually gonna happen at run time.
That flows from number two actually,
because the annotations are optional.
Which means the developers on your team,
if they don't put an annotation on
a variable, TypeScript will default to the
any type unless you have that turned off.
It will default to the any type and then
you're not getting any benefit out of it.
So it is an opt-in system.
And if you don't opt in in a particular
place you're only getting a best guess.
It can lead to a false
sense of security if you're
not being very careful
about your usage of it.
>> Speaker 1: This flows from really
what I've been saying the whole time.
That any place that isn't typed,
either in your code or
things that your code touches
that are not in your application.
If they aren't typed there is uncertainty.